feat: [Week-9] Translation and Update of NodeJS Module (#1338)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage1/modules/node-materials/node/node-argv.md

}
```

### Task

> Write a program that prompts the user to enter two numbers, adds these numbers if launched with the `-s` flag, or multiplies them if launched with the `-m` flag, and then terminates. Use standard input/output for input and output. Here is an example of how it should work (user input starts with `>`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Develop a program that prompts the user to enter two numbers. It should add these numbers if executed with the `-s ` flag, or multiply them if executed with the `-m` flag. After performing the operation, the program should then terminate. Employ standard input/output streams for data input and output. Below is an example of how it should work (user input starts with `>`).:
```
